Freedom must be defended. Always.
I don't think much of old traditions.
You should have listened to me.
Why are you trying to make me smile?
A wise man will create more opportunities than are offered to him.
In winter I sleep with two blankets.
One should tell the truth, but not every truth should be spoken.
Yes, I think that would be the best translation.
Time heals many wounds.
His courage was celebrated in all the newspapers.
About three-quarters of all stars in the universe are red dwarfs.
You are not allowed to donate blood.
The stream of truth flows through channels of error.
Machines are getting smarter and smarter and people are getting stupider.
The teacher had to evaluate all the students.
We'll assess the situation.
Tom rated the movie seven out of ten points.
Where did he grow up? City or village?
We grew up together.
Fish tastes best where it grew up.
Read unusual.
That is quite unusual.
It's uncommon.
You don't know some of it?
Tom has a few things to take care of.
I would like to ask you a few things.
You cannot hold us here.
Can you hold it at this end?
I had to hold her to prevent her from falling.
That makes me very uncomfortable.
Tom has an unpleasant, loud voice.
They say if it is uncomfortable.
Tom has turned his passion into his profession.
Chemistry is one of her passions.
One does not cure passions by reason, but only by other passions.
Courage grows with danger.
This is an unnecessary question.
I always discuss politics with Hans.
Friendship is love with reason.
If you want to hit a dog, you'll always find a stick.
I would like to communicate – if possible – by e-mail.
Tom has achieved what generations of scientists did not want to achieve.
In the mountains it rained all the time.
If you want to know how many people won't vote for you, become a politician.
I met him by a happy coincidence.
Anyone who says, "There is freedom here," is lying, because freedom does not exist.
Can I do something?
I wonder if it's going to rain tomorrow. is very possible.
Tom and Maria went outside together to feed the animals.
What you didn't understand, you can't translate.
Today I am learning Esperanto.
What do you think?
In the meantime, I have already received an answer to my question from Tom.
I have nothing against austerity measures, but everything with moderation and purpose!
A reporter asked the president why he was so crazy.
I would like to call my message.
Does it rain a lot here in Berlin?
Tim's grandmother still works in the hospital.
This news is likely to cause resentment in the Élysée Palace.
Dogs are forbidden here!
"How is John?" – "I'd like to know that too."
New friend and old house is not much to trust.
Anyone can talk wisely.
A child's questions are harder to answer than a scientist's questions.
I don’t know how it continues anymore.
Whenever I make mistakes, I learn.
She was alone in the bedroom.
Do you have neighbors?
He who laughs much is happy, and he who weeps much is unhappy.
She doesn't like to speak in public.
The international language Esperanto appeared in public at the end of 1887.
The international language Esperanto was introduced to the public at the end of the year 1887.
You are living beyond your means.
Something could have come of our relationship.
She should have a relationship with her boss.
I thought of various factors before I acted.
Health is an essential factor for happiness.
Let's look at these factors in order!
"Do you want to know how he did it?" — "I'm curious."
I was looking forward to reading your letter from Paris.
We are excited.
He would not agree.
I've assented to the proposal.
I can't believe that I agree with you.
Television helps us to expand our knowledge.
There is a scheme to expand the company.
Try to amplify your opportunity.
If you talked less and listened more, you'd probably learn something.
It is useless to talk to her. She will not listen to you.
I want you to listen to me.
I thought you were going steady with Tom.
Prices are currently stable.
"You can just leave it like that." – "No, I want it to be neat."
Over the years, we have tried many different strategies.
What is the capital of Madagascar?
Some pleasure consists in the fact that one renounces it with pleasure.
I'm not a politician.
Sarajevo is the capital of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
I don't like to go outside when it's raining.
Yesterday our newspaper said that this year's summer is on a Monday.
The problems of our time require a new way of thinking.
You have to love your homeland.
My code of honor forbids me to say anything bad about a colleague.
What changes the world is communication, not information.
Can you tell us ten weaknesses of yourself?
Does power make you lonely?
There are no coincidences.
Take a look at the Yellow Pages.
The capital of Jordan is Amman.
Whoever is in the smallest camp is in the strongest school.
Please do not speak to the driver while driving.
It took me over two hours to translate a few pages of English.
I don't feel like discussing with you.
Tom has spoken his own verdict.
No man is so rich that he does not need his neighbor.
I need that urgently.
I'm trying to translate.
The bone is broken.
Asking wisely is harder than answering wisely.
I don't have time to hurry.
The capital of Egypt is Cairo.
The smell of cheese feet announced that Tom was home.
Where Tom lives is unknown.
Are these events related?
He screams in pain.
If you don't find a reality you fit into, invent your own!
Reading this book was a pleasure.
Man is the measure of all things.
The whole is greater than the sum of its parts.
I don't feel like talking German.
The snow falls thickly.
At this pace, we will only be finished in three years.
Fear harms — courage strengthens.
Michel has failed once again.
I have to hurry up a bit.
Minsk is the capital of Belarus.
I now have an emotional distance from Tom, which is very good for me.
It's nothing special.
Don't make yourself unhappy.
He is studying medicine now.
She turned yellow with envy.
I ask to be allowed on board.
I buy my father a gift. This is a new car.
In Liisa's view, it was time to set an example.
No one demands that you adopt this view.
Do you disagree?
Tom had chewing gum stuck under one of his shoes.
This tape doesn't stick.
Where did you glue them?
The cause is probably emotional.
Wait a few days before I can tell you the cause of my request.
"Thanks for the help." – "No cause."
It is partly made of wood.
This is only partially true.
Here is a partially similar sentence.
I was never a reporter.
I'm not a reporter.
Tom was a reporter.
It's a very dangerous sport where small mistakes lead to big injuries.
This is a violation of the law.
Tom shows his injury.
What's their location?
Regarding the new facility in Brazil we have not made a decision yet.
